I want to analyze job flows of Chinese political elites among China's administrative units. The data will be extracted from their official resumes and turned into a network. Each job promotion or transfer from one administrative unit to another administrative unit is a network tie that connects the two administrative units through the flow of the person. The administrative units could be either central ministerial or provincial. By systematically turning all job flows into a network, I hope to understand how the integration of the whole party state system is possible. 

Fundamentally, I want to understand why the authoritarian regime is resilient. The Chinese communist regime survived the end of cold war and after more than thirty years of high-speed economic growth, has become a major global power. It has abandoned command economy and embraced market economy without loss of grip on power. Because of its lack of transparency, its elite politics has always been seen as a "black box" to outside observers. The difficulty of studying it also lies in the dichotomy that scholars often need to face when deciding whether to rely on unverifiable inside sources or generalization of some abstract rules from outside observation. Early studies focused mainly on factions and informal politics. But as rules of succession were gradually established later on, and Chinese politics became more stabilized, scholarly interests have shifted to institutionalization and formal politics. Both approaches have significant biases. My approach is to explore the continuum between social ties and formal institutions and hope to understand the case from a network perspective.

My method will consist of three computational steps. First, I need to download Chinese political elites's resumes and turn them into a database. They are now all officially posted online and there are also official and thirty-party databases that keep track of them. The database I have been sticking to is the one maintained by National Chengchi University (NCCU) in Taiwan. The database provides raw resumes, which contain all of the official positions each cadre has held and the starting and ending dates of the positions. Because the resumes are only displayed as webpages, I first need to web-scrape all of them. Then I need to extract all the job flows as network ties from each resume. As of today, the database contains resumes of 8141 Chinese political elites. They are party elites who have ever reached the level of deputy governor or vice minister or above in the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)'s history. I probably will narrow my scope down to the political elites of the recent thirty years. My final step would be to explore different techniques to visualize and analyze the network flows.
